THIS STORY IS COMPLETELY FICTION.
RESEQUENCE WITH PEOPLE
OR REAL EVENTS ARE JUST IMAGINATION.
Climbing to the summit
very tiring.
No matter how far
I can go with you.
Hu Hu.
You are so brave.
Let's try again. okay?
Darling.
From here.
you are alone.
Hu Hu.
What is it?
Huhu here.
Yes.
I just had a nightmare.
- Nightmare?
- Well...
You scared me.
My heart was beating wildly.
Hey. how's it going?
Huhu's song? The melody.
The melody is finished.
- Just a few finishing touches left.
- A number of?
- Hurry up.
- Okay.
- Sir.
- Hmm?
Don't you think this place is strange?
Latest news.
Recently
a rare anomaly appears...
...not far from
panda conservation base.
The satellite successfully identified...
...one village
which has never been found...
...under unusual clouds.
All these signs indicate...
...that this is an indigenous tribe...
...who have never interacted
with the outside world.
Until today.
we haven't found it yet
way to their world.
Mr. Ma.
How much further
to the panda base?
10 km.
Look at the way I drive.
Trust me.
Where are they?
Huh?
What happened?
Huhu is also gone.
Where is Huhu?
Hu Hu.
Where are you going. Huhu?
Huh?
Return.
Hu Hu.
Where is he?
Where am I?
Hu Hu.
This is real.
Wow. barbarians?
There are wild boars too.
What are you doing?
Don't chase me.
Help.
Are you guys of any use or not?
Basically useless.
Shan.
Don't let Shayi seize its prey.
Hu Hu.
Don't go. Huhu.
Stop.
Hu Hu.
Watch out.
Capture them alive.
Let's go home. so we can get praise.
Mom. mom. Hug me.
You are now 6 years old.
You can't call me "Mom" anymore.
Hugging only shows weakness.
From now on.
You have to learn to be
independent and brave.
You have to be strong
like the gods of our mythology.
Let the power speak.
Hey.
What are you doing?
WELCOME...
...in the Hunting Competition
Panda Tribe Wild Boar.
The chief came.
Tribal chief.
You're in a good mood today. huh?
You have succeeded
in fulfilling expectations.
using sweat...
...and your blood...
...to get lots of prey...
...and a great start to the new year.
Hu Hu.
According to our tribal tradition.
whoever catches the most prey.
may party.
anyone who has strongest blow...
- ...can eat as much as you like.
- Hey.
You can't eat the panda.
That's illegal.
Shh.
Silence.
The chief is speaking.
This time.
successful winner
get the most prey...
...is the best soldier today.
The soldier is...
Shayi.
Don't be "Huhu" (Shut up).
I managed to catch it
big black bear.
You caught him?
I am the one who trained Qiangshan.
and he himself caught it.
Useless.
What am I useless for?
You only care about Shayi.
I am your child too.
Mother.
Uh.
Come on.
Hit me.
What did he say wrong?
Why was he beaten?
He showed his weakness.
Careless in front of all of us.
We...
...must be independent at the age of 6.
Even harder.
Even if I die.
You are still my mother.
What's that...
His mythological creatures have descended.
What is it?
Fast.
Good.
So. that's our mythological creature?
Mythological creatures?
- Extraordinary.
- So cute.
What is written on the inscription?
A big belly can sway.
Black and white fur.
Black eyes can blink.
Strong panda can move.
Our mythological creature finally appears.
Huhuhu huhuhu.
Is that creature real?
what do we mean by myth?
- Continue reading.
- When the creature roared.
the whole world will rumble.
There is more.
Mythological creatures appear.
followed by...
...the fall of disaster.
One heavenly sign.
Mythological creatures have descended.
A heavenly omen has occurred.
Disaster is coming.
Everyone. don't panic.
The solution to the disaster
has been recorded in the inscription.
That is human unity
and the creature.
At that time. we will
receive extraordinary blessings.
Can you explain it?
briefly?
It means we let
the creature chooses the messenger...
...to take him to the top of the mountain.
So the problem of disaster is
will be solved.
Let the creature choose its messenger?
Tribal chief.
This method of selection is very unfair.
How could the creature know.
which one is weak or strong?
- Correct.
- How could he know?
Then you guys fight.
Whoever wins
will be his messenger.
Where is Shan?
Hit him harder.
Ouch.
What are you doing?
Now let go of me.
We will take you there
after taking a bath.
Don't mess with me.
Stop it.
There's something here.
What...
What's this?
Car keys.
- You don't understand.
- Hey...
And this.
Hey.
It's not edible.
I've used it for over 30 years.
It's just a snack.
What's wrong with you guys?
This water is delicious.
Perhaps.
Wow.
Warm. warm.
The body feels fresh.
Nice.
Again. again.
You.
- Watch him.
- Okay.
Come on. let's play again.
Come on.
Hey!
He is not there.
There he is.
Here.
Ouch.
Where...
Hu Hu.
Stop fighting.
Huhu. I'm so worried about you.
Put him down right now.
You desecrate our mythological creatures.
Tribal chief.
he must be punished.
That creature...
...chose him as an envoy.
Just you.
What?
No... That's not true.
Why is that?
I'm the one who brought them both.
One is a mythological creature.
and the other is a messenger.
Then me?
I am a nobody.
Correct.
More or less like that.
Mother.
Come on.
Already.
Bring the messenger to be purified.
What?
- What does it mean?
- It means...
...wash the mud off your body.
What messenger? What disaster?
What mountain peak?
According to the inscription.
legend says...
...disaster from the sky
will befall our tribe.
And we
must wait for our destruction.
When death comes.
mythological creatures and their messengers
will appear.
They will go to the top of the mountain
to prevent the disaster.
But. the shape of the bottom
of the mountain is strange.
Somehow
they both will get over it.
Then the middle part is very steep.
so that they both
must work together...
...to conquer it.
And near the top of the mountain.
the situation is unpredictable.
So our mythological creatures
have to climb alone.
After reaching the top.
he can summon the gods.
Then the disaster will disappear.
and peace
will return to this country.
Because now our mythological creatures
has chosen you as a messenger.
the only one who can save us...
...is that creature and you.
his messenger.
Starting today.
you...
...is a messenger
of our mythological creatures.
Hu Hu.
- Huh. Huh.
Eh. eh... Wait.
Look at all the graffiti there.
Ticks. circles and crosses?
I don't understand.
Nonsense.
It's natural that you don't understand.
You don't know anyway
our script.
If I have to go with the creature this
little one is heading to the top or whatever.
how is that possible
stop the disaster?
How is that possible?
save your tribe?
What's up there?
Please tell me.
You just tell me.
I...
Good question.
The inscription says "Someone
can talk to the gods above.
- and the disaster will disappear."
- Who's talking nonsense?
I can't do it.
Eeh...
Her fur is beautiful.
Where did it come from? Huh?
Just climbing some rocks.
I can help.
Shayi.
prepare food
and delicious drinks...
...for our envoys to enjoy...
...so they can immediately
set off for the mountain top.
Mr. Tulu.
are you hurt?
Isn't that enough?
Come on. I'm still bent over.
Well. today you were whipped.
It was just a charade.
Rules are rules.
I know.
you have served this tribe.
Our inscription...
...never say outsider
can escort our mythological creatures.
What if this outsider
managed to get to the top of the mountain?
How will we
explain it to our ancestors?
Can't.
Listen. okay?
To climb the top of the mountain.
people must be smart
and physically strong.
So true.
I've always believed
you are the best candidate.
If you control this creature...
...towards the top of the mountain...
Imagine.
You will be our tribal hero.
Then.
The Chieftain will have
different views about you.
You will be
the most important person to him.
We can't let outsiders...
...become the messenger
of our mythological creatures.
Do you have any good ideas?
He must die.
If he succeeds.
you will be of no use anymore.
You understand?
What?
This.
Wow. that's very special.
You did this earlier
with the creature.
Is it some kind of ritual?
Is this how it is?
- Yes.
- It was just a normal hug.
- Hugs as a form of politeness.
- Hug?
Correct.
Like this.
Is hugging illegal here?
Mr. Tulu.
Have you ever heard of it?
The messenger was very evil.
- He surprised us.
- Is it true?
He holds our people like...
like this.
I'll tell you the truth.
I will get rid of the messenger.
This task must be done
by the three of us.
Yes.
You three...
are you guys sane?
I tell you. yes. only one person
who can do this. He is...
Shan.
You mean Qiangshan?
How strong is he?
- How can we be weaker than him?
- So true.
Her hair is long
but his experience is limited.
Is he more handsome than me?
Did you hear that?
They gossip about you behind your back.
Brother Shan.
To be fair.
let's decide.
The person who takes
longest stem...
...will carry out that mission.
It's time to close your eyes.
Who is the first?
(Hey...)
(Quiet.)
Who's next?
Okay.
Life is long.
Because...
...the path we must take...
...still long.
Who's next?
The results will be out soon.
Cannot be withdrawn anymore.
Oops.
Open your eyes now.
We have got the results.
- Shan took the longest one.
- Huh?
You have to go.
We haven't even picked up yet.
So. this mission...
...is your job.
Remember.
your mission is to make it...
...looks like an accident.
without leaving a trace.
The people here are weird.
They can't call their mother
with the call "Mother".
And they hate hugging.
I have to get out of here.
Is that your voice?
Let's go.
This village is strange.
No wonder I'm called
King of Traps.
This is perfect.
- Why are we going around in circles?
- Hmm?!
Isn't this their place?
chasing wild boar?
Wow.
I designed it.
- Are you okay?
- Uh...
- Do not come close.
- Hey.
Where is he?
Who installed it?
this trap?
So cruel.
Inhuman.
What if the child is small?
trapped in it?
Hey.
Are you okay?
Who are you?
I am the Panda Messenger.
Then. who am I?
Who knows.
Did you save me?
Eeh...
It's hard to say.
If so. no need.
You are my savior.
I want to repay you.
I will grant it
your one request.
- One request?
- Mention it.
Think.
- Now. Quickly.
- Okay.
What...
Do you know the way out?
- Way out?
- Yes.
- Of course I know.
- Oh yes?
It is in...
Ouch.
Did he faint or fall asleep?
Why did I save him
in a situation like this?
I very much...
How come you're awake?
Oh...
Are you okay?
Yes.
- How do we get out?
Aren't you a local?
Am I a local?
You don't remember anything?
I remember...
...you are my savior.
- Unlucky...
What do you mean?
Forget it. Go away.
- Forget it. I'm leaving.
- Yes.
Why are you standing there?
You saved me.
This is my house.
I will be on guard to protect you.
What are you going to do?
whatever I say?
Yes.
Go out.
Good.
Close the door.
Hey...
- Come in.
- Good.
Here.
Warm yourself by the fire.
Already.
Don't follow me like that
wandering ghost. Step back a bit.
Again. step back a little more.
Sit down.
Don't look at me.
You look like a ghost.
Ghost?
What now I look like a human?
I...
What are you doing?
Mosquito.
I don't want you to get hurt.
You can even catch mosquitoes.
Hey. hey. hey...
Don't pull my braid.
Here.
You're quite heavy.
Your feet are so soft.
Tomorrow. I will
make you straw sandals...
...so that your feet
no pain when walking.
It's thunder. Don't worry.
You are soft and adorable.
Hey...
Don't play anymore.
Tomorrow we still have to
looking for a way out.
Go to sleep.
Hug me.
Bring it in.
Arise. my Savior.
I prepared you breakfast.
Qiangshan cooks.
Her hair was even braided into two braids.
There are flowers in her hair.
Even sexier than me.
♪ I love the mountains
green and clear water ♪
♪ I love the blue sky ♪
Oh my... He even sings.
Oh my God. Get away from me.
Go.
And now
is he afraid of chickens?
- He has changed.
- What should we do?
Finish him off.
Don't chase me.
Kill the messenger.
Make it look like an accident.
- He brought a knife.
- Very professional.
Come on.
Ouch.
- What are you doing?
- Oh.
Eh...
Which one should I wear?
to serve rice?
- We gathered some wild vegetables.
- What?
Come. my Savior.
Oh.
Strange people.
Hu Hu.
We were deceived.
If he doesn't kill him.
just us.
What if Qiangshan help them?
It means we will kill him too.
- Kill him.
Who do you want to kill?
You guys aren't going to kill me. are you?
What a naughty boy.
Ouch.
Good grief.
How did you get here?
Where are the others?
Mr. Tulu.
There is a big problem.
Qiangshan...
...he's gone crazy.
Qiangshan betrayed us.
He cheated us.
Did you see our punch wounds?
- Impossible.
- Impossible what?
Look at this.
I was kicked all the way here.
I am alright.
Yes
Qiangshan.
You called him
or do you want to scare me?
I'll shove this in your mouth.
Where are your manners?
Shan.
Shan?
Mr. Tulu.
- Look at that.
- What?
He even cooks.
He never cooks for you before.
I cooked for him.
He even called him his "savior."
Did he ever call you that?
Savior.
- Are you sure?
- Certain.
Look.
he even sings.
Has he ever shown
this talent in you?
Like that.
Never showed up for you?
- He cooked all this?
- Correct.
Sit down.
He even studied
how to serve food.
- You three. listen to my orders.
- What. my Savior?
Eat.
Take a breath.
Swallow.
Spend it all.
Don't leave anything behind.
Good.
Eat.
Does he think I told him to...
...to build a life here?
Go home.
Come on.
Hey.
What are you guys doing here?
Hey. what are you guys doing?
Now separate them.
What?
- Separate them.
- Stop kicking.
Stop.
Come on.
Move aside.
Don't fight.
PANDA TRIBE
My savior.
You're awake.
I will prepare you food.
Why do you always do things...
...which is contradictory
with the rules in the inscription?
Who are you?
You came in without knocking.
What a rude person.
Religious leader
will perform the Examination ceremony.
Come on.
Mythological creature ascent
to the top of the mountain...
...associated with
the survival of the entire tribe.
He must follow the
traditions of the tribe...
- ...and complete the exam.
- Hu Hu.
What is the test?
This test is
test the courage of our people.
When you reach the age of 6 years.
people have to climb to the top...
...and pull the rope
to finish it.
From then on.
people must live independently.
Now what should we do?
Look at my expression.
Do what you you have to do.
Open your eyes wider.
or I can't see them.
Come on.
Hand over the mythological creatures.
The test is simple.
Just climb up there and pull the rope.
Tulu.
Come on.
Do not be naughty.
Go on.
- Quick. get on.
- Hey. hey.
Don't treat him like that.
Stop.
Don't disturb the exam.
Stab him.
Come on.
Don't stab him.
Ouch.
Wait.
I'm not here to fight.
You didn't come here to fight.
But you've already hit me 3 times.
How dare he disturb the exam.
Catch him.
He's great.
No wonder he became an envoy.
What is it?
Move aside.
Quick. find something.
Try pushing that thing up there.
Shan.
Don't fight.
- My savior.
- He betrayed us.
- Yes.
- Nonsense.
Shan must be...
...in disguise.
Don't fight anymore.
Take the torch.
Burn him.
We've all done this
when I was little. Fast.
It's time to prove your abilities.
- Come on.
- Do not be naughty.
Go on.
My savior.
Save Huhu now.
Look.
Tulu helps the creature
complete the exam.
He is indeed the true messenger.
You can't treat it like that.
How come you're everywhere?
Hu Hu.
Fast...
Come up here.
Don't push him anymore.
Whoever touches Huhu.
I will fight you to the death.
Tribal chief.
This guy sabotaged his exam...
...and over and over again
violate tribal rules.
Wow...
Impressive.
Why did you stop the test?
You can't train him that cruel.
For hundreds of years.
we have all been trained like this.
Everyone needs encouragement.
especially small ones like this.
What is encouragement?
Ha?
Huhu likes to play on the swing.
Find a swing
then I will show it.
What is a swing?
- Very high.
- It's so much fun.
Of course.
Huhu very brave.
Tribal chief.
This is so exciting.
What a childish person.
Chieftain. This is fun.
Try here.
Very exciting.
It's so much fun.
If he likes you.
he's going to fart.
He likes you.
He pushed me.
He encourages you.
- Tribal chief.
- Don't worry.
He has
the science of lightening the body.
Why doesn't he fly?
to the top of the mountain?
He can't fly that high.
Is there a height limit?
I think I understand
what is encouragement.
He fell hard.
- Hey.
- Yes?
How high can he fly?
- I don't know. I don't know him.
- Huh?
This...
Huhu likes to eat cooked food.
This.
I do have
the science of lightening the body.
But you're too heavy.
I have to protect you. right?
Wait.
- My savior.
- What?
How do you know is this edible?
Of course I know. Back home.
we call it banana.
Banana.
Very cool.
What do you call it?
We call it Pi-sang (Ba-na-na).
Pi-sang (Ba-na-na)?
Pi-sang (Ba-na-na).
- My savior.
- Yes.
You keep talking about it
your hometown.
What's it like there?
In my hometown.
we have skyscrapers.
cars. motorbikes...
Even though I
don't understand what you're saying.
but it sounds pretty exciting.
If you can find a way out.
I will take you there.
My savior.
I found a waterway.
but who knows where it's going.
- Is it true?
- Yes.
As long as there is a
way. it doesn't matter.
When that time comes.
I say goodbye to you (Bye-bye).
Bye-bye?
What does it mean?
Saying goodbye (bye-bye) means...
...look after yourself.
and see you again.
- Take care of yourself? See you again?
- Huhu. I brought you food.
See you (Bye-bye).
After you lose weight.
I will take you flying again.
Little creature.
we all count on you.
Tribal chief.
It is such a coincidence.
It is late.
Where are you going?
Huhu eat too much
tonight. I...
...want to take him for a walk.
He eats too much.
but you carry him for a walk?
I also eat too much.
Well. I...
Do you drink alcohol?
What?
Tribal chief.
Don't drink anymore.
- That's the rule.
- Rule?
Come on.
Oh.
Come on. again. again.
- This is the last one.
- Yes.
This...
...to honor your ancestors.
I appreciate it.
Come on.
Tribal chief.
If you have something to say.
just say it.
Come on. say it.
I...
Look.
you guys are always like this.
You guys save
your heart's content inside.
If you don't want to talk.
I'm the one who asked.
The other day.
your son was beaten black and blue...
...just because
he calls you "mom".
You carried him for
months and gave birth.
It is natural if
he calls you "mom".
You are family.
If you love her.
you have to express it.
He had to call his mother
what do you call him. "little brother"?
In my hometown.
our people can shake hands.
hugging.
and even can say out loud:
I love you.
Are you allergic to alcohol?
Come on...
Sit down.
- Tribal chief.
- Yes.
Do you really believe it?
on that legend?
Are your people...
...really going to face a disaster?
Can Huhu save your tribe...
...by reaching the top of the mountain?
Yes.
Alone.
leading such a large tribe...
...is not an easy task.
You are younger than me.
I will consider you as my little brother.
You can call me "Brother".
Oh...
Everyone needs encouragement.
Huh...
What's wrong with you?
I never have an older brother.
I want to have an older brother.
Look?
It's good that you expressed it.
your feelings now.
Always express your feelings.
Tulu.
Emergency.
Why are your hands shaking like that?
What is it?
Yes. I'm shaking.
But soon
you will be the one shaking.
What is it?
Overnight.
the messenger...
...talking to the Chief
in a wooden house.
He says...
I...
I love you.
So? What does that mean?
What does it mean?
It means...
He wants to be...
...your father.
No.
- I'll kill him. Where is he?
- Tulu.
Where is he?
- I will kill him.
Come on.
Don't be impulsive.
I've thought it through carefully
on the way here.
Look.
based on our inscription.
whenever there is a conflict
or dispute...
...which cannot
settled in the middle of the tribe.
can be resolved through a duel.
I will challenge him.
I will fight it one on one.
I will beat him 10 times.
- Come on.
- Good.
I'm coming...
...to help you.
This Infinite Power Pill.
I have perfected it for 30 years.
After drinking this.
you will have unlimited power.
You can even beat a bull.
Thank You.
- Wait.
- What?
This Infinite Power Pill...
...must be swallowed all at once.
Do not drink with water.
or its efficacy will be reduced.
Wouldn't that be hard to swallow?
- Open your mouth.
- Insert the pill.
Shut up.
Yes.
Just between us.
Can I exchange it...
...with others?
- I'll get you another one.
- Good.
Tulu.
This is equivalent to
the result of 100 years of work.
30 years. that's enough.
Mr. Tulu challenged the messenger
for a duel.
- What is this?
- I am a brave warrior...
...from the Panda Tribe.
I'm Tulu.
successors of our tribe.
I also idolize Ben. Bo and Ba.
Today I will face you in a duel.
If I win. I will go.
If you win.
there is no way out.
Don't do this.
You look like you're dying.
Wait a moment.
Tulu is not ready yet.
Here.
Here. you are strong.
Help him swallow the pill.
Your big arms
must be very helpful.
Tulu is ready.
Come on...
Let me say something.
Today.
I will get all my wishes.
Feel this.
Where is my strength?
The effect of this pill...
...only lasted for 3 minutes.
You talk too much.
Aren't you cruel enough?
How come you get tired so quickly?
Look at him.
Unlike the others.
you can't laugh at me.
This mission will be your task.
Without leaving a trace.
I've always been nice to you
since we were little.
How can you join them in mocking me?
There he is.
That's just your gaze.
Don't just stare at me.
I've tried.
But I can't swallow it.
Too big.
- Tulu.
- Yes.
You are full of weird ideas.
When can you win the fight
with your own strength?
Chieftain. see Shan.
Hey.
Hey. What are you doing?
My name is not "Hey".
I am your savior.
You know me.
You even cooked for me.
I just...
I'm just a spectator.
I told you not to come.
Why did you hit me?
You really want to fight?
Hu Hu.
My savior.
Did you fall?
Hu Hu.
The mythological creatures.
Wait.
Wait for me.
My savior. stop running.
- Hu Hu.
- Wait. my Savior.
- Where are you going?
- Hu Hu.
Where are you going?
My savior.
Hu Hu.
Don't run. Huhu.
Huhu climbing.
We have hope now.
He should can get to the top.
- Hu Hu.
- Yes.
Hu Hu.
- Hu Hu.
The exam was a success.
Tomorrow morning.
his messenger will deliver our mythological
creatures to the top of the mountain.
So today.
let's enjoy...
...a festive party.
- Cheers.
- Hu Hu.
Come on.
You are family.
If you love them. tell them.
Say it and express it.
- I drink with you.
- Okay. Cheers.
Cheers. Cheers.
Come on.
Let's go there.
No.
Who was that?
In my hometown.
we can shake hands.
and hug.
Tribal chief.
Are you okay?
Good reflexes.
Come on. stand up.
Are you okay?
Tribal chief. drink with us.
Let's have a drink.
Of course.
- Fill it to the brim.
- Come on.
- Tulu.
- What?
Did you see that?
Yes.
Remember when you called her "mom"?
He almost beat you up all out.
He doesn't care about you
at all.
Tulu.
We are destined to
do great things.
Have to restrain yourself.
We still have one last chance.
We have to hold it until then.
Come on.
Hold on. Hold on.
You poured too much.
You drink this one.
I drink this.
Come on.
Spend it.
Who was that?
Who?
Come out and face me.
Go out.
Your fate is worse than mine.
My savior.
You are indeed a strong drinker.
I can't keep up with you.
My savior.
how much can you drink?
When I was young.
I...
This place is really beautiful.
like a fairy tale land.
Yeah. right? Huh?
Who would have thought
we arrived in this wonderland.
For us.
this is just an ordinary country.
Have you slept or not?
My savior.
since you came.
my heart...
...get warm.
I'm so happy.
have good siblings.
If you think this place is nice.
then don't go.
Actually...
I mean...
...you all are very kind.
but I have to bring Huhu home.
Excuse me.
Let's go.
Huh. what are you doing?
You don't want to go?
I am also confused.
But I have to take you
to a safe place first.
Hu Hu.
Down.
Do not be naughty.
Hold on tight.
Why are you here?
Must be pressed down...
...so that it can be pushed forward.
My savior.
I've already
don't owe you anything.
Take care of Huhu.
Don't worry.
See you.
- Stop.
- Hand over the creature.
- Row faster.
Catch him.
- My face is wet.
- Catch him.
You can't hit me.
I give up.
Stop it.
Hold him.
Hu Hu.
You actually
don't want to go up there. do you?
Come on. Huhu.
Hey.
- What are you doing? Hu Hu.
- Come on.
What do you want?
from Huhu?
If we don't finish him off.
- the problems will never end.
- What are you doing?
- Hey.
- But...
...he doesn't have to...
Your hands.
Thank You.
Thank you very much.
- I want to thank you.
- What are you doing? Don't!
I still have to thank you...
...for saving me.
You don't need to say that.
You have saved me several times.
I set a trap to catch you.
But you don't blame me.
Do you remember that?
This time I saved you.
You owe me a favor.
Wow. your skin is white.
Uh.
I have to do something
to save Huhu.
Relax. I have a plan.
- Disaster is getting closer.
- Does that mean I'm going to die.
The messenger and the creature
both lost.
- What should we do?
- Please check.
Find out
what is written on the inscription.
Tribal chief.
no answer...
...on the inscription.
Woe to us.
We will all die.
Disaster is coming.
The inscription is an inanimate object.
but we are still alive.
Over the years.
we always live
based on this inscription.
We have to find out for ourselves...
...what is not written on the inscription.
- We will follow the Chieftain.
Mother.
Tulu.
Look.
Top of the mountain.
Success is just around the corner.
Soon you will
become the pride of our tribe.
Go.
Boomerang?
Your boomerang didn't come back.
I have one more move.
Attack him.
The messenger is still alive.
Good.
Save the mythological creatures.
Go. Watch Tulu.
Tulu betrayed us.
Hey.
Come on.
Let me explain.
I want to help you.
Qiangshan. How dare you
you pulled my braid.
It's hard to make my braid.
Save the creature now.
Run.
Chase them.
This is a mythological creature.
He's quite adorable.
Please don't lock him up...
This time I have learned
from my mistakes.
You don't believe me?
My child.
Mom believes in you.
You definitely can.
Mom has been hard on you.
Older brother.
Mother has destroyed
that misleading inscription.
Those old rules...
...will be lost forever.
Mother.
My child.
Older brother.
- My little brother.
- Older brother.
Mother.
My child.
Older brother.
My little brother... Wrong... Mom.
Mother.
Wait.
You said you destroyed the inscription?
Yes. Everything is old.
already destroyed.
Father.
Don't squat.
Are you touched. Dad?
Sick.
You didn't destroy the inscription.
That's our ancestor.
What did you just call me?
Father.
Hey.
Are you actually happy or not?
Who knows.
You are too stubborn.
Rules can be broken.
Actually.
- family is the most important.
- Yes.
Family members...
...should be free to hug...
...and express your love.
No need to be embarrassed.
Even if a disaster occurs...
Am I a bad luck?
What is a bad luck?
Huh.
Hu Hu.
That's the disaster.
Huhu went to the top of the mountain.
Now.
For hundreds of years.
never before
someone managed to get there.
Actually a legendary mural
what we see...
...only half
from the overall picture.
When I saw
the whole picture is underwater.
I realized...
...the messenger is not one person.
But all of us.
all of this tribe.
Only by uniting...
...we can face all difficulties.
- Let's hug each other tight.
- Okay.
Come on.
Hugging is gentle...
...but powerful.
- Are you okay?
- Take it away...
...the injured.
Come on.
- Again.
- Messenger.
Envoy.
Please help escort...
...our mythological creatures...
...to the top of the mountain.
I will replace you.
Here we are.
Again.
- Come on.
Stand.
Come on.
Step on me.
Good.
Stand.
A little bit more.
Envoy. let me help you.
That's my son.
My son.
Come on. stand up.
Are you okay?
Good.
Hu Hu.
- Hu Hu.
It's time for us to take action.
Now is the time...
...for your favorite games.
Let's swing.
Hu Hu...
Are you okay?
Hu Hu.
You are so brave.
Let's try again. okay?
Hu Hu.
I've tried my best.
Darling.
From here to the top.
you are alone.
Hu Hu.
Go.
We always support you.
Spirit.
- Messenger.
- Hu Hu.
Huh. You did it.
Huhu small.
What do you see?
I'm here.
Hey.
I let the butterfly
guide you here...
...to restore the bonds of love...
...and the unity of our people.
I've seen them
no longer accept fragility.
but become fierce. competitive.
and suspect each other.
That would be the real disaster.
But your arrival...
...soften their hearts
and teach them...
...just by helping others...
...they can overcome all obstacles.
Let me help you.
As long as we are united.
even the highest peak can be conquered.
Little Huhu.
Thank You.
Go.
Keep being...
...yourself.
full of warmth and love.
Use your cuteness...
...to heal this world.
I forgot to tell you a secret:
the name of the butterfly
is Encouragement.
Mother.
Fourth great uncle.
My grandson.
I'm the most senior here.
Father.
My son.
Father...
...love you.
I love Dad more.
Huhu ran away again?
Hu Hu.
How did you know?
Older brother.
This is for you.
Store well.
What's this?
When you miss us.
or are in danger.
Just blow it. When it sounds.
we will appear soon.
Is it that magical?
Of course.
Since we're all here. don't blow it.
So...
- Older brother.
- Yes.
Older brother.
Hu Hu...
In that case.
see you (Bye-bye).
See you (Bye-bye).
What does "see you" mean?
See you (Bye-bye) means...
Take good care of yourself...
...until we meet again.
Not bad.
See you.
See you (Bye-bye).
I love you all.
Bye.
I love you.
Mr. Chairman.
I love you too.
Pack.
Finally got the right one. huh?
- Hey. look ahead.
- Look ahead.
It wasn't a dream?
What's this?
It looks like it can be blown.
Yes.
Don't. Don't blow.
I'm coming. Sis.
What happened?
Why does it taste bland?
Bro.
any orders for me?
What's this?
Don't blow carelessly.
Dangerous.
You guys really came.
They are all my good friends.
I will show you
The Wonderland of Huhu.
Wow.
It's amazing.
How?
Any inspiration for your songwriting?
I feel...
...get a lot of inspiration.
ARTS SUPPORT PROJECT
AND LITERATURE OF SICHUAN PROVINCE
Hu Hu.
THIS FILM IS A WORK OF FICTION.
Where are you taking me?
SOME SCENES WERE SHOT IN INDIGENOUS LOCATION.
WITH RESPECT FOR THE NATURAL ENVIRONMENT
WITHOUT CAUSING ANY DAMAGE.
Huhu. where are you taking me?
ALL ANIMALS THAT APPEAR IN
THIS FILM WAS MADE USING SPECIAL EFFECTS.
NO ANIMALS WERE HURT.
I HOPE THIS FILM CAN HELP PEOPLE
SEE THE BEAUTY OF CHINA.
I'll be safe this time.
My equipment is complete.
Hu Hu.
where are you taking me?
Hello.
Who are you?
Hey. stop.
1. 2. 3.
Hu Hu.
WHEN THE WORLD WANTS YOU TO GROW UP
ONLY THOSE WHO LOVE YOU HAVE HOPE
CAN STAY A LITTLE CHILD FOREVER
Huhu brings good luck.
Do you want to share this profit?